driver: mjacks11

	a. It returned my username less than 10 characters (mjacks11)
	
	b. It returned my username but it cut off the 10th character. (david12345)
		instead it returned (david1234)

	c. It only returned 9 characters. 
	(ifwardoesn'tchangemenmustchangeandsomusttheirsymbols) was returned as 
	(ifwardoes). Yes this is an insanely long monologue BUT it's greater than
	10 characters 
	

	For b and c, it only returns 9 characters because '\n' is also considered a character which must be present to 
	
	a2. mjacks11 returned normally. 

	b2. David12345 returned David12345david12345Secret:It could be bunnies! 
	note that david12345 was the input password that is exactly 10 characters.
	Oh and there's the elephant in the room, or rather bunnies in this case.

	c2. ifwardoesntchangemenmustchangeandsomusttheirsymbols returns ifwardoesndddddddddddgeandsomusttheirsymbols. 
	It returns the password in the middle of the username, after retesting with a shortened username
	ifwardoesnt and a password of changemenm we get an ouput of ifwardoesnchangemenmSecret:It could be bunnies!



	a3.	get_input_unsafe()is a good example of a buffer overflow. It allows the user to write past the buffer,	
		in our get_input_safe() method we have count < len which prevents the user from writing over the buffer. 
		This is why when we did our initial test with the safe method, it stopped holding characters at exactly
		10 characters, one being '\n'. Even with the piece of the ulysses monologue I used, it still only 
		counted out exactly 9 characters and '\n'. Our unsafe method does not have this check, it has
		
		c != '\n'. It only looks for the user to enter a newline (enter key). It's not actively checking to see 
		if the user is wriring past the buffer limit. The "Where are the Null Terminators" line in fact, 
		a hint as to what else is happening at the same time. Since neither Username or Password are Null terminated, our loop 
		c != '\n' continues to search for a '\n'. Since it can't find it, it continues to write, slamming User and Password together, reading past our buffer.  


	b3. Buffy violates confidentiality, integrity, and avaliability in a few ways. It gets rid of confidentiality because of the lack of bounds checking
		and no null termination. This means that the user can see memory they aren't supposed to see, potentially exposing Passwords or other 
		important server keys (API keys, toekns, etc.) It violates integrity because our unsafe buffy is writing past our buffer, this can lead 
		our program to write into memory where it shouldn't (which we can see when it returns "Secret". It violates Avaliability because it can lead to seg
		faults and messing up the memory stack. That's all that's happening here, it's reading into the data directly next to it on the memory stack. 
	 
  
	c3. Secret:It could be bunnies! I got it to crash when typing an INSANE amount of characters. 
	I got ***stack smashing detected***: terminated Aborted (core dump).  
